clarify what happens when consuming CIDs excessively (#2428)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

An endpoint SHOULD ensure that its peer has a sufficient number of available and
unused connection IDs.  While each endpoint independently chooses how many
connection IDs to issue, endpoints SHOULD provide and maintain at least eight
connection IDs.  The endpoint SHOULD do this by supplying a new connection ID
when a connection ID is retired by its peer or when the endpoint receives a
packet with a previously unused connection ID, though it MAY limit the frequency
or the total number of connection IDs issued for each connection to avoid the
risk of running out of connection IDs (see {{reset-token}}).

Endpoints that initiate migration and require non-zero-length connection IDs
SHOULD provide their peers with new connection IDs before migration, or risk the

> peer closing the connection.

Reviewer: Now that I read this paragraph again, I think that we need to rework it, but that's a separate problem.

An endpoint SHOULD ensure that its peer has a sufficient number of available and
unused connection IDs.  While each endpoint independently chooses how many
connection IDs to issue, endpoints SHOULD provide and maintain at least eight
connection IDs.  The endpoint SHOULD do this by supplying a new connection ID
when a connection ID is retired by its peer or when the endpoint receives a

> packet with a previously unused connection ID, though it MAY limit the frequency

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
packet with a previously unused connection ID.  However, it MAY limit the frequency
```

or the total number of connection IDs issued for each connection to avoid the
risk of running out of connection IDs (see {{reset-token}}).

> Endpoints that initiate migration and require non-zero-length connection IDs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An endpoint that initiates migration and requires non-zero-length connection IDs
```

> SHOULD ensure that the pool of connection IDs available to their peers allows

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SHOULD ensure that the pool of connection IDs available to its peer allows
```

> them to use a new connection ID on migration, as the peer will close the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the peer to use a new connection ID on migration, as the peer will close the
```
